docs(RIF Relay): Update contract addresses (#861)
rsksmart/devportal: guides/rif-relay/deployment.md

>         As we can see we have two sets of Smart Wallets with their own verifiers. This is because each verifier uses the factory to do deploy and relay validations. For testing purposes, we will be using the Smart Wallet Contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        As shown, we have two sets of Smart Wallets with their own verifiers. This is because each verifier uses the factory to perform deploy and relay validations. For testing purposes, we will be using the Smart Wallet Contracts.
```

    - Testnet

>       * To start the process on `Testnet` we need an account with funds. The funds retrieval can be done from the [tRBTC Faucet](https://faucet.rsk.co/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * To start the process on `Testnet`, we need an account with funds. The funds retrieval can be done from the [tRBTC Faucet](https://faucet.rsk.co/).
```
```suggestion
      * To start the process on `Testnet`, we need an account with funds. The funds retrieval can be done from the [tRBTC Faucet](https://faucet.rsk.co/).
```

        RIF Relay already have contracts deployed on `Testnet` and can be found in the [contracts](/rif/relay/contracts) section.
    
    - Mainnet

>       * To start the process on `Mainnet` we need an account with funds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * To start the process on `Mainnet`, we need an account with funds.
```

        > The allowTokens script will use the testnet network configured in the truffle.js, this network will be required to use the account that did the deployment of the contracts.

    - Mainnet
      * In the RIF Relay Contracts we will need to execute the command:
        ```
        npm run allowTokens 0x77740cE4d7897430E74D5E06540A9Eac2C2Dee70 mainnet
        ```

>         > The allowTokens script will use the mainnet network configured in the truffle.js, this network will be required to use the account that did the deployment of the contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        > The `allowTokens` script will use the Mainnet network configured in the `truffle.js`, this network will be required to use the account that did the deployment of the contracts.
```

        Now the server is ready to start processing transactions and a ready message will be on the console.
    - Testnet

>       * Below is an example using the off-chain components deployed on RSK Testnet (https://public-node.testnet.rsk.co). **Important: keep in mind that due to some specific RSKj node modules enabled, it's not possible to connect RIF Relay Server to the nodes public**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Below is an example using the off-chain components deployed on RSK Testnet (https://public-node.testnet.rsk.co). **Important: keep in mind that due to some specific RSKj node modules enabled, it's not possible to connect RIF Relay Server to the public nodes**
```

>         Now the server is ready to start processing transactions and a ready message will be on the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Now the server is ready to start processing transactions and a message with "ready" will be on the console.
```
